# AESEncryptionFSMD

INTRODUCTION 
To encrypt messages longer than the block size, a mode of operation The Advanced Encryption Standard, in the following referenced as AES, is the winner of the contest, held in 1997 by the US Government, after the Data Encryption Standard was found too weak because of its small key size and the technological advancements in processor power. Fifteen candidates were accepted in 1998 and based on public comments the pool was reduced to five finalists in 1999. In October 2000, one of these five algorithms was selected as the forthcoming standard: a slightly modified version of the Rijndael. The Rijndael, whose name is based on the names of its two Belgian inventors, Joan Daemen and Vincent Rijmen, is a Block cipher, which means that it works on fixed-length group of bits, which are called blocks. It takes an input block of a certain size, usually 128, and produces a corresponding output block of the same size. The transformation requires a second input, which is the secret key. It is important to know that the secret key can be of any size (depending on the cipher used) and that AES uses three different key sizes: 128, 192 and 256 bits. is chosen, which I will explain at the very end of this tutorial, after the implementation of AES. While AES supports only block sizes of 128 bits and key sizes of 128, 192 and 256 bits, the original Rijndael supports key and block sizes in any multiple of 32, with a minimum of 128 and a maximum of 256 bits. 

AIM 
The main aim of the project is to encrypt the data using the Advanced Encryption Algorithm. By giving different type of input, we can get the encrypted data which is secure. Our main objective is to encrypt the data so that the intruders cannot hack the information while communicating.
